
## databricks-dolly-15k
* 磁盘目录: /nas/dataset/llm/prompt_dataset/databricks-dolly-15k.jsonl
* 数据集链接: https://github.com/databrickslabs/dolly/tree/master/data
* 语言: American English

* 简介  
databricks-dolly-15k is an open source dataset of instruction-following records used in training databricks/dolly-v2-12b that was generated by thousands of Databricks employees in several of the behavioral categories outlined in the InstructGPT paper, including brainstorming, classification, closed QA, generation, information extraction, open QA, and summarization.

* 说明
The annotation guidelines for each of the categories are as follows:

Creative Writing: Write a question or instruction that requires a creative, open-ended written response. The instruction should be reasonable to ask of a person with general world knowledge and should not require searching. In this task, your prompt should give very specific instructions to follow. Constraints, instructions, guidelines, or requirements all work, and the more of them the better.
Closed QA: Write a question or instruction that requires factually correct response based on a passage of text from Wikipedia. The question can be complex and can involve human-level reasoning capabilities, but should not require special knowledge. To create a question for this task include both the text of the question as well as the reference text in the form.
Open QA: Write a question that can be answered using general world knowledge or at most a single search. This task asks for opinions and facts about the world at large and does not provide any reference text for consultation.
Summarization: Give a summary of a paragraph from Wikipedia. Please don't ask questions that will require more than 3-5 minutes to answer. To create a question for this task include both the text of the question as well as the reference text in the form.
Information Extraction: These questions involve reading a paragraph from Wikipedia and extracting information from the passage. Everything required to produce an answer (e.g. a list, keywords etc) should be included in the passages. To create a question for this task include both the text of the question as well as the reference text in the form.
Classification: These prompts contain lists or examples of entities to be classified, e.g. movie reviews, products, etc. In this task the text or list of entities under consideration is contained in the prompt (e.g. there is no reference text.). You can choose any categories for classification you like, the more diverse the better.
Brainstorming: Think up lots of examples in response to a question asking to brainstorm ideas.




